It's High Tide again at Croc Island,
Where the sun blisters your eyes,
and the air drowns your skin.
Where the flies feast on your blood,
and the vultures patrol the streets.
Where the cottonmouths ride the surf,
and the cranes host tailgates on your lawn.
Where the land seeps into the sea like a sieve.

An anole runs into my bedroom,
flashes his blood red dewlap in my face.
To remind me whose house this really is.
The feral cats congregate beneath the foundation,
where they engage in loveless lovemaking,
the silent night punctured by their violent skreeks.
In the morning, the kittens will conquer the roof,
a newly minted island in a brackish sea.

The lovebugs enter the scene.
Conjoined from end to end in a mechanical embrace.
They don't even notice the people walking down,
the cars whizzing by the highway,
the cold metal of the radiator,
colliding at 75 miles per hour.
Broken eggs in a lovebug omelette,
frozen in time in a forever embrace.

The cars race through the highway,
12 lanes wide, not a turn in sight.
The roadsides littered with flaking billboards,
adorned with talking fetuses,
blue-eyed, long-haired Messiahs,
carnival-barking gators urging you to take exit 275,
to dive into the flooded swamps of empty parking lots,
of haunted strip malls and Walmart supercenters.

A manatee swam into my living room.
She was scarred from nose to tail,
just like all the ones that came before.
She started gnawing at my curtains,
to get a taste of this new world she finds herself in.
a new world littered with futons, beer bottles, and pizza boxes.
And disgusting, inedible, beige curtains.
But she faced all those motor boats in the past,
and she'll face these new ones as they come.

Walk into the clearing and there's a man,
With skin like tree bark, eyes like glass.
He lives in a house that burned down in '79,
that was whisked into the sky in '86,
that was swept away in '92,
that was swept away in '08,
in '19, in '21, '22,
that was swept away last night.
He's tired, but he picks up the soggy planks just the same.
Croc Island is all he has known.
All he will ever know.

It's High tide again at Croc Island.
Where the palmettos don't burn like they used to,
where the pythons slither into your pickups,
where they replace the swamps with cattle ranches,
where they replace the cattle ranches with golf courses,
where they replace the golf courses with ocean,
where the soft glow of the Waffle House is an oasis,
an oasis of black coffee and greasy hash browns,
where you convalesce after the storm,
and lash out against life's death roll.
It's High Tide again at Croc Island,
yet people still get by.
