I am in Florida,
Hillsborough is the County,
Tampa the City.
I am a junior at King High.
I ask Phoebe to the Homecoming Dance,
and she has a panic attack.
We do not go to the dance.
I am in Florida,
Alachua is the County,
Gainesville the Town.
I ask Danielle if she would like to grab a slice at Satchel's.
She does not have a panic attack.
We have a lovely time.
We wander towards Bo Diddly Plaza,
where a Tom Petty cover band is playing.
I hear them sing "Don't it feel like something from a dream?"

I am in New York,
New York is the County,
Manhattan the Borough.
I am in front of a live studio audience.
I am being interviewed by a Yale-educated man in a perfectly tailored suit.
He keeps asking me these invasive questions,
questions that I do not know the answers to,
but I do to others.
So I look at him with deep black eyes and tell him,
"I know what you did at Skull and Bones".
He shuts up.

I am on the Conamara Chaos
Europa is the Moon,
Jupiter the Planet.
I traverse the icy skids on robotic appendages,
four on each side, the front two armed with a pickaxe and shovel.
I work on the water mines until my battery dies,
and watch as they ship them in bottles,
towards the Third Rock from the Sun.
I have vague images of orchids long dead,
filled with the sweet sugar water.

I am in Switzerland,
Geneva is the Canton,
Geneva the City.
I stand before the Large Hadron Collider
I hop over railing and wander inside the cylinder,
just as an escaped office hamster steps on the big, shiny, green button labelled "ON"
In an instant my atoms are torn asunder,
all trace of the form that the living world knew of me was gone.

I am in Venezuela,
Bolivar is the State,
Amazon the Rainforest.
I am a hummingbird.
Crimson Topaz, Topaza pella.
I flit around from flower to flower,
gulping down the sweet sugar water from each seductive orchid.
In the back of my mind, I hear someone sing,
"Don't it feel like something from a dream?"

I am in Manila,
Luzon is the Island,
The Philippines the Country.
I suddenly awake in a crowded market square.
The bustle soon translates to screams as folks scatter.
I catch a glimpse in a mirror,
and see two bulging eyes coming out of a barren skull,
patches of muscle covering skeletal limbs.
My lungs and heart tucked beneath my ribs.
Then, just as suddenly, I disintegrate into the ether.

I am at the Massachusettes Institute of Technology,
Cambridge is the Town,
Massachusettes is the State.
I am a PhD student in Quantum Physics.
Studying the nature of matter itself.
The interconnectedness of atoms across the Universe,
across dimensions.
There is a lot of fancy math.
I am awarded a Fullbright to work overseas.
To the European Organization for Nucelar Research,
in Geneva, Switzerland.

I am on Kepler-296e,
Kepler-296 is the Star,
Under No Lawful or Earthly Jurisdiction.
I am a regal Quezalitoga.
My outer layer is made of stunning white and green feathers.
I posses a perfectly oval face with a taut, parrot-like beak.
I am an emissary from the Kingdom of Gondwana,
with a message to the folks of Laurisa.
But I took a wrong turn at the Crab Nebula,
and now I'm uh stuck here.
I fiddle with the radio to try to intercept a message.
But I just hear the cracklings of a voice from long ago,
from California by way of Florida,
"Don't it feel like something from a dream?"

I wake up in a blank, white room.
Parts Unknown.
A tall, dark woman walks in.
She tells me that they have been trying to contain me for 567 years.
That after the incident at Geneva, I have been reconstituting myself into different forms,
across space and time.
Everything that I once was or will be.
But I don't remember any of this,
just the taste of the sweet sugar water.
She tells me that the media is waiting for me outside.
They have so many questions.

I am in my spaceship.
Leaving Kepler-296e,
back towards Laurisa.
I pass the time sculpting these unusual winged, beaked creatures.
I do not know what they are, but they pop up in the recesses of my mind.
They provide me comfort.
Suddenly a rift opens up.
Someone has pressed the shiny, green "ON" button in a place far, far away.
A long, long time ago.
Everything hits at once.
All of history, all of knowledge, all of whatever is the universal equivalent of humanity.
It all comes to a random set of atoms.

I am waking up in a valley in New Zealand,
Murihiku is the District.
Rakiura the Island.
I am a Tukutuku gecko.
Harlequin scales of blood red and gold.
I no longer rememeber my name.
But I remember that I was a hummingbird.
How it felt like something from a dream.
I rearrange my atoms,
back into the Crimson Topaz,
and I flit away.
In search of the sweet sugar water.
