Here lies Maximiliano Mariano Machiavelli,
Who built the Petronas Towers,
Who mined the La Brea Tar Pits,
Who mowed the lawns of every house,
of every cul-de-sac,
of every exurb.
Whose office sat in the highest floor,
of the highest tower,
of the highest mountain.
Where he sold dreams,
Where he sold cures,
Where he sold truth,
Where he sold lies,
Where he sold gold,
where he sold the power to sell.

Here lies Maximiliano Mariano Machiavelli,
Who convinced the world that Splenda will help you lose weight,
that cocaine will make you beautiful,
that burning trees is good for growing corn,
that corn is good food for hungry cows,
that farting cows are good for the weather,
that cars will grant you freedom,
that a studio apartment in Telluride,
filled with furniture from IKEA,
paid for by a job at Goldman Sachs,
will give your life direction,
will fill the empty slot in your soul.

Here lies Maximiliano Mariano Machiavelli,
Who elected presidents and anointed kings,
Who staged coups and quashed rebellions,
Who told the roads where they could go,
Who told the trains how fast they could ride,
Who told the ships when they could dock on the port,
Who told the planes where they could fly,
what they could carry,
over what lands,
over what villages,
whether they could drop fire, pamphlets, or bread.

Here lies Maximiliano Mariano Machiavelli,
Who shot the last dodo bird,
who plucked the feathers from it's skin,
who seasoned it with Black pepper from a Manila galleon,
who cooked it slow over burning charcoal,
and ate it with a side of soup made with the last Aldabran tortoise,
and a glass of rum,
made from the sugar cane cut by the slaves on his Cuban plantation,
over a leather rug made from the last Quagga,
that he skinned himself,
cause he is a working man,
a man who is willing to get his hands dirty.

Here lies Maximiliano Mariano Machiavelli,
Who has a substack 
where he opines on societal ills,
where he opines about the clothes the kids wear,
where he opines that the food doesn't taste as good as it used to,
that the news anchors aren't as pretty as they used to be,
how no one can say what's on their mind anymore,
how the thought police is out to get hard-working folks like him,
instead of the filthy vagrants on the street,
squatting on his freshly mowed lawns.

Here lies Maximiliano Mariano Machiavelli, 
Who saved millions of lives,
and slaughtered millions more.
Who loved all of his sons and daughters,
and all of their mothers.
Who invented the cure for cancer,
and brilliantly sold it at 300 times the market price.
Who endured the slings and arrows of the peasantry,
and let them crucify his soul.
So they could live in a world,
where their lungs will burn in the soft orange Venusian air.

Here lies Maximiliano Mariano Machiavelli,
Who lived to 135 years,
After getting a heart from a marine,
After getting a liver from a first grade teacher,
After getting a pancreas from an ER nurse,
After getting a heart from an Olympic diver,
After getting a heart from a man on death row.
Who died peacefully in bed in his beachfront estate overlooking the Ionian,
surrounded by his sons and daughters,
and some of their mothers.
Who was confused and angry at the end,
Who's final words were "I don't know. I just don't know."

Here lies Maximiliano Mariano Machiavelli,
Who was born in a cabin in Savoca,
Who made the world hum,
Who saved civilization,
Who killed the Earth,
Who ended in the same place as everyone else,
where all are equal.
