The Depression Penguin lives at the End of the World.
His home coordinates are, as follows:
75.149° S
160.239° E
Type that into Google Earth and what do you get?
A boundless sheet of white.
In street view, a couple of mountains in the distance.
But really all you see is white,
and a transition along the horizon,
from white to a darker and darker blue,
until you are covered by that single shade of blue,
hexadecimal code 233760,
in the cloudless sky,
during the endless day.

The Depression Penguin is depressed.
He does not know why.
Maybe he has deep-seated childhood trauma.
Maybe he has the wrong mixture of chemicals in his brain.
But he will not know.
There are no therapists at the End of the World.
There is no health insurance either.
All he has is the horizon,
and the blue above, and white below.

The Depression Penguin has a name.
Pavel Vladamir Zhoukovsky.
Or Paul.
He does not know why his name is of Russian origin.
He has not been from one End of the World to the Other.
He does not know that he has a name.
That that is the name that would appear on his Birth Certificate.
If they had printers at the End of the World.
Which they do not.
Just the glare of the endless sun.

The Depression Penguin loves music.
He loves jazz.
He loves celestial jazz.
Avant-garde, free, unstructured.
Tenor Sax, Harp, Piano, Strings.
He wants to Astral Walk into the Door to the Cosmos.
But he does not know this.
There are no record players at the End of the World.
No cassettes, CDs, or MP3s.
All he has is the transition from white to blue.

The Depression Penguin is in love.
He loves a shadow laid out on the white.
Not the one that he sees now,
one that used to stand beside that one.
But that shadow saw the wrong end of a leopard seal.
The shadow left behind can go back to the shore,
find a new shadow.
But he doesn't want to start from the beginning,
he wants the shadow he used to have.

The Depression Penguin wants to reach for the stars.
He wants to fly out into the endless sky.
Past gaint spheres of hydrogen.
Past vast graveyards of stars.
Past inescapable chasms of spacetime.
Past colors unseen by his eyes,
worlds unknown to him,
unknown to anyone,
except the shadows in the void.
"But why?"
Asks the Dour German Filmmaker. 
Such dreams are futile.
He doesn't even know he has dreams.
So the Depression Penguin waddles to the horizon,
where the white turns to blue.
