Hamilton started to see the measure of the world.
They beheld the Nubian Desert,
Then the fine sand that made the desert,
Then the Silicon and Oxygen atoms that make the sand,
Then the protons and neutrons that make the atoms,
Electrons, Fermions, Bosons,
The fundamental being of matter, by any name.
An idea was born.
Then a shared synaptic pulse.

Ada saw the mathematical formulas that could complete any task.
Goddard saw how the stars in the night had died long ago. 
Theodosius saw the cauldrons that built the world at the bottom of the sea.
Evita saw the strands and helices that structured life.
Erasmus saw how the horses in the river begat the whales in the ocean.
Wallis saw how the bees in the garden begat endless flowers in the forest.
Duncan saw a spark from two colliding atoms.
Wolfgang saw the levers of society that produced infinite wealth.
Upon their mighty carapace, Hamilton gave them a home.

Erasmus would dutifully follow Wallis across the uncharted territory,
she would forget about him, until a swarm of aracaris descend upon him.
Evita cycled through a rolodex of paramours,
each time procuring a child with their hair and her vulpine eyes.
Theodosius and Goddard were fellow sailors,
determined to breach the horizons of experience.
Ada and Duncan would fly together along the beach,
discussing the world that could be, if only we'd get out of the way.
Wolfgang kept himself isolated from the others,
but surrounded by a procession of increasingly dour choirboys.
Hamilton would just stare at grains of sand falling in an hourglass.

Eurekas abound.
Nothing was beyond them.
Ada would calculate the formulas,
that Duncan used to design the electrical circuits,
that Goddard used to charge the rockets into the night,
that Theodosius used to power the submersibles into the deep.
Erasmus would declare that there exists a bird that fits perfectly into this flower,
then he would find the bird and slot it perfectly into the flower.
Huzzahs followed.
But he would not notice,
Wallis would already be at the Orinoco, sifting for catfish.

Ada saw Hamilton standing on the beach,
All the grains of sand had fallen to the bottom of the glass.
Hamilton beheld her with those sorrowful eyes,
just as they beheld the Nubian Desert,
and stood there until the tide rolled in.

They buried Hamilton on a cliff overlooking the Red Sea.
The work went on.
Goddard would orbit Mercury, Venus, and Mars,
Theodosius mapped the rings of fire at the bottom of the Pacific,
Ada wrote machines that mimicked her singularity,
Duncan watched Mushroom clouds behind the glass,
Wolfgang stripped Africa of Oil, Jade, and Diamonds,
Evita measured the skulls of her children,
Erasmus found less birds that fit into less flowers,
Wallis beheld the Nanuuk Glaciers tumbling into the sea.

Theodosius and Goddard grew weary of this rock, 
and sought to map the unknown currents beyond.
Ada became overwhelmed at the infinite,
and would cry herself to sleep in the morning.
Evita had many a child fall to illness,
she would dissect them as they stared back with vulpine eyes.
Duncan would grow angry and bitter at the world,
and retreat to his ship out in the Tasman.
Wolfgang was the only one at peace with himself,
surrounded by golden notes and bloodied bed sheets.
Erasmus and Wallis crossed the Ganges in separate boats.

In the final analysis, entropy always wins.
Ada was found in a cove by the Laccadive, beak full of poppy seeds. 
Theodosius was plucked from the Marianas and drowned in the air.
Goddard's face caved in when their space helmet cracked by Ganymede.
Wolfgang was found with a cut throat and numerous small stab wounds.
Evita was peacefully in bed, surrounded by her children.
Erasmus was burnt to a crisp in a controlled slash and burn.
Wallis walked off into the Atacama and was never seen again.

Duncan is the only one left.
Spending his days staring out into the Tasman.
All he has are shattered memories,
swirling like leaves in the wind.
And a faded sepia-tone,
of when they knew the world.
